Mom, am I doing this right?
Mom, what are you thinking?
Xia Nan
Do you know where the arts and sciences went?
He's not answering his phone.
No one comes
You only care about him
I am your biological daughter
Besides, how do I know where he went?
Maybe secretly learn new moves
Or black boxing
Scum Wenli, he's not that kind of person
Sister, I just went to Wenli's house.
No one at home, it's a mess
It's as bad as if I've been turned over.
Could something really happen to Wenli?
I have to go see
What could happen to a living man?
Besides, I still practice boxing
Scum, stop it
What if something really happened to the arts?
He has no parents
We should take more care of him
I don't care. You're not allowed to go
You have to choose one directly from me and him today.
Oh, you child is really
In this lifetime
Should I tell my sister and brother?
Long Tao's life experience
You said you knew about my biological mother
No, of course it's true.
plum blossom
The fact that he is not your biological mother
Few people know?
I know who your biological mother is
But you have to promise me one condition.
What kind of condition?
Give up the game
Stay here for as much money as you want